[MUSIC]
So, if we look into more realistic
challenges that are a little
closer to SHiP experiment in search for
dark matter,
we have to take into account
the following aspects.
The first one is that there are much
more showers in the volume with
significant overlapping probability,
and no origin is available.
And background is also different,
so it is not random like
in case of opera, it is going to be
a mixture of other tracks passing through.
And another thing that
in SHiP experiment they
intend to add timing information
by adding additional sensitive
detectors that will produce
information as showers passes through.
So it will may add additional
sensitivity of experiment,
but it will give additional challenge
from machine learning perspective.
So you would have to take into account
information coming from
additional detector.
So to conclude,
we have started to look at very broad
question, how can we find a dark matter?
Since it is the most challenging
topic in physics agenda.
There are many questions,
many hypotheses, many approaches and
just focused on one approach.
That is explored by SHiP experiment that
is going to be designed and
built at CERN in several years.
And we'll look at one of the strategies
that SHiP is going to explore
and it is based on the finding
of electromagnetic showers.
Where machine learning can be really
helpful for reconstruction and
finding properties of those showers in
the volume of emulsion trial chambers.
And of course it was some approximation
because we use opera data sets.
In the future, we expect to get
more realistic data samples,
maybe in a new version of this course,
it will be a little more realistic.
But speaking of reality,
there are many more machine learning
challenges associated with the experiment.
So the design of the experiment
is one of the critical
tasks that we are going to focus on.
Maybe also in future version of this
course we will add this information.
But actually in the fifth lecture,
we'll touch this topic a little bit,
and the tasks of particle identification
would also be quite interesting in
the settings of this experiment.
Than you, very much for
your attention, and
hopefully you will enjoy your home task
as much as you enjoyed this lecture.
Thank you.
[SOUND]